Danny Reyes is not your average Boston
University student although he seems
like a normal sophomore at the college
of arts and science what sets Danny
apart is as unique and sometimes tedious
passion for bodybuilding okay Danny so
what do we have on the table this is a
typical bodybuilders meal first we have
some tuna for some good proteins and
then here we have spinach and sweet
potatoes or yams do I have to eat today
three ounces of tuna fish the next thing
I'm going to do is wait the sweet
potatoes and that's basically what the
process is although this life may seem
difficult to lead it is rewarding for
Danny at places like rock city bodies
things are a little different the
bodybuilders are taught self-confidence
and self expression and they even use
their physique to convey emotions color
and even famous cities I think a lot of
people see bodybuilders as these kind of
dumb guys taking steroids and having
nothing better to do with their time
than just spending hours at the gym and
that's really not the case there are
those people who come just with vanity
in mind usually they transition into
realizing oldest more I could do with
myself but ironically it's less about
these guys with awesome bodies that show
up on our door it's more about people
who have awesome dreams to show up at
our door and they're much more fun to
work with out of the 12 bodybuilders
that go to Rock City body gym 10 go to
the national competition Rock City body
promotes all natural bodybuilding
prohibiting use of steroids both men and
women are equally encouraged in
bodybuilding everybody has this image
that bodybuilding for women is like you
know they have the veins popping out and
they look and that's out there but it
may not be all natural but we do all
natural competitions bodybuilding is
helping these aspiring athletes to be
more comfortable in their own skin by
creating a sense of commitment and
building a greater community
i'm here at the fitness and Recreation
Center where bodybuilding is considered
to be more than just a sport at to start
to a healthier and better way of life
for inside boston i'm kailyn